[FIX] website: warn about google api deprecation (#2382)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/websites/website/optimize/google_analytics.rst

How to track your website's traffic in Google Analytics
=======================================================

.. warning::
  Google deprecated **Universal Analytics** which won't be supported anymore in
  `July 2023 <https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/11583528>`_. They are
  replacing it with **Analytics 4**.

  New accounts are already using it, but accounts created before `October 2020
  <https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/11583832>`_ are most likely still
  using **Universal Analytics**.

  Odoo 15.0 is already adapted and ready for **Analytics 4**. After July 2023,

>   it won't be possible to track analytics data in Odoo version prior to 15.0. At
>   learn not out of the box by just inserting your Analytics key.

Reviewer: maybe we can be a bit more specific?

```suggestion
  if you want to use Google Analytics tracking in versions before 15.0,
  you will need to insert the GA tracker code manually, instead of
  entering your GA key in the Odoo settings.
```

Author: Adapted, thanks.
Bonus: there was a typo in my message `learn` instead of `least`

How to track your website's traffic in Google Analytics
=======================================================

.. warning::
  Google deprecated **Universal Analytics** which won't be supported anymore in
  `July 2023 <https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/11583528>`_. They are
  replacing it with **Analytics 4**.

  New accounts are already using it, but accounts created before `October 2020
  <https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/11583832>`_ are most likely still
  using **Universal Analytics**.

  Odoo 15.0 is already adapted and ready for **Analytics 4**. After July 2023,
  if you want to use Google Analytics tracking in versions before 15.0, you will
  need to insert the GA tracker code manually, instead of entering your GA key

>   in the Odoo settings.

Reviewer 2: @Lau-Odoo This will require to be updated starting with the forward-port branch for 15.0.
